# UNO-Card-Game
This a GUI application based on OOP concepts using java built in the netbeans IDE. 

This game is for 2-4 players. Every player starts with seven cards, and they are dealt face down. The rest of the cards are placed in a Draw Pile(dock), face down.
In this game, players have to play all of the cards in their hands in order to win. The game consists of multiple rounds and first player to finish all of the cards in hand wins the round. Scores are updated according to the cards left in the opponents’ hands and first player to reach 500 points will win the game.
At the beginning of the game the top card of the Draw Pile is turned face up.

At the beginning of each round each player is dealt with 7 cards face down. The remaining cards are added to the Draw Pile facedown. Turn over the top card of the draw pile to begin a Discard Pile. The players have to find a card from their hands that matches the top card of the Discard Pile either by the number, color, or the action. Then place this card face up on the Discard Pile. Players even if they have a matching card, can chose whether to play it or not. If there’s no matching card or player chooses not to play a matching card, he/she has to draw a card from the Draw Pie. The moment any player has just one card in their hands he/she must shout “UNO” before the next player has taken their turn. If the first card drawn from the Draw Pile happens to be an Action Card, the Action from that card is carried out by the first player to go. If it is a Wild card, the first player to start can choose a color to continue the play. If the first card is a Wild Draw Four card, then it has to be put back in to the Draw Pile, shuffle and turn over a new card.
